docs: update file structure document (#41923)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/file-structure.md

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> Creating Angular project using strict mode(flag) is opt-out bases. For more information, see [Strict mode](/guide/strict-mode).

Reviewer: I will let @alan-agius4 chime in but I think this needs to be something more like:

```suggestion
New Angular projects use strict mode by default. If this is not desired you can opt-out when creating the project. For more information, see [Strict mode](/guide/strict-mode).
```

Author: or something

Creating new Angular projects use strict mode by default. One can opt out of using strict flag while creating project. For more information, see [Strict mode](/guide/strict-mode).

Author: I will also like to check content with perspective of @alan-agius4

Reviewer 2: @iRealNirmal, let's go with @petebacondarwin suggestion. Also, it appears to be outdated, although this is out-of-scope from this PR.

Author: @petebacondarwin @alan-agius4 done changes and added commit footer as well.
